THE PRESENCE OF GOD IS BORNE BY PEOPLE, NOT THINGS
#
May be you are a person who has messed up so much in the area of sin. But, one way you can overcome this problem of constantly falling into sin is by learning to engage God in high praises.
#
TEXT: Num. 2:1-3; 13:1-6,27-31; Judg. 1:2; Amos 9:11-15
        
Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name. 
(Psl. 100:4)

May be you are a person who has messed up so much in the area of sin. But, one way you can overcome this problem of constantly falling into sin is by learning to engage God in high praises. As you worship God constantly, His presence will begin to permeate your soul; and the urge to sin will begin to leave you until you find it no more.
In Num. 2:1-3, God put Judah in a strategic position, by the tabernacle of the congregation. If God is coming to visit the camp, God wants the praising tribe of Judah to pitch their tent. The aroma of the worship from Judah will usher God in!
Judah is not known to be a complainer. He gets things from God, which he has not even asked for!!
If you have learnt to praise God, even when others see giants as obstacles, it shall not be so for you. No wonder, Caleb, from the house of Judah stood out as a voice together with Joshua, that the giants which terrified the other tribal leaders, were bread for him (Num. 13:1-6, 27-31).
If we are going to get God involved in our affairs this year, let us enter His gates with thanksgiving. 
You may not be skilled in the use of bow and arrow; spears and rifles, but if youre skilled in giving God high  praises, doors you have not yet knocked will be opening for you. Is there something you are trusting God for? Nothing ever gets late with God . God says He will restore again the tabernacle of David, as prophesied in Amos 9:11-15. This is the ordinance of praising God without ceasing  the tabernacle of David.
Recall  attempts by David to bring back the Ark of Covenant of God to Israel (2Sam 6:1-9; 6:12-15, 17-18).
When David finally found the proper way to carry the Ark, - on the shoulders of the Priests, they were able to bring the Ark to the city of David. It is important to note that the presence of God is borne by people; and not things. (Check out the atmosphere of high praises that surrounded the transportation of the Ark.
When those who were carrying the ark of the Lord had taken six steps, he sacrificed a bull and a fattened calf. David, wearing a linen ephod, danced before the Lord with all his might, while he and the entire house of Israel brought up the ark of the Lord with shouts and the sound of trumpets. (2 Sam 6:13-15)

PRAYERS, CONFESS; 2 Sam 6:13-15; Psm. 98:6 
