01 JANUARY
MARK WELL THOSE WHO MAY ENTER GOD'S SANCTUARY
EZEK 44:4-10; EZE 44:11-14
#
Thus says the Lord GOD: "No foreigner, uncircumcised in heart or
uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter My sanctuary, including any foreigner
who is among the children of Israel.” (EZEK 44:9)
Beloved, I congratulate you and your family for seeing the first day, of
the first month of another year. Happy New Year. Thanks be to God for His
Mercies.
This year, God is determined to separate the goats from the sheep; He
wants those who are His, to walk circumspectly, and not be like the rebellious
who turn deaf ears to His instructions.
We shall start our Meditation this first day of January, by looking at what
God requires in order to admit people into His temple.
In Ezek 44:4-9, He brought Ezekiel by way of the North gate of the front
of the temple, and Ezekiel beheld the glory of the Lord, in his VISION. The Lord
asked Ezekiel to open his eyes, and his ears, to mark well those who may enter the
sanctuary, and those who may not.
This year, those who are uncircumcised in heart, and in flesh shall not
gain the attention of the Lord. Such people, even though they physically gain
access to God's temple, they cannot behold His glory.
There are those who are already Ministers, probably ordained too. But
when they should have been seeking for lost souls, and restoring the souls of
men/ women who were going astray, they became as one with unbelievers; and
went far from the Lord. Such ministers, God says they shall bear their iniquity.
Even though they remain ministers, but they shall not have access to minister to
the Lord as priests. (Eze 44:10-14)
Anyone who desires to walk with God this year must settle it in their
hearts to remain circumcised in the heart. If you will see the glory of God, you
must shun everything that causes defilement, both of your spirit and of your flesh.
#
PRAYERS: CONFESS; GALATIANS 5:16
PRAY:
1. Father, as this new year begins, I yield myself to you. Circumcise my
heart Lord.
2. Lord help me to walk in the Spirit, so that I will not fulfill the lusts of
the flesh.
3. Oh Lord, use me for your glory, in Jesus Name, amen.
